Loading checkpoint shards:   0%|          | 0/2 [00:00<?, ?it/s]Loading checkpoint shards:  50%|█████     | 1/2 [00:05<00:05,  5.59s/it]Loading checkpoint shards: 100%|██████████| 2/2 [00:06<00:00,  3.02s/it]Loading checkpoint shards: 100%|██████████| 2/2 [00:06<00:00,  3.41s/it]
Running prediction
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: True
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: True
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
original_prediction: Neither
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: Neither
original_prediction: False
given_prediction: False
ACC 0.808
